
But -- but can we drop a little bit of the pious baloney? The fact is, you ran in ‘94 and lost. That’s why you weren’t serving in the Senate with Rick Santorum. The fact is, you had a very bad re- election rating, you dropped out of office, you had been out of state for something like 200 days preparing to run for president. You didn’t have this interlude of citizenship while you thought about what you do. You were running for president while you were governor. You were going all over the country. You were -- you were out of state consistently.

You then promptly re-entered politics. You happened to lose to McCain as you had lost to Kennedy.

Now you’re back running. You have been running consistently for years and years and years. So this idea that suddenly citizenship showed up in your mind, just level with the American people. You’ve been running for -- at least since the 1990’s.









Well, I think that there's a clear record, I worked with Ronald Reagan in the early 80s and his recovery program translated into today's population of about 25 million new jobs in a seven-year period. As Speaker of the House, I worked with-- President Clinton and he followed with a very similar plan. Well, I think that there's a clear record, I worked with Ronald Reagan in the early 80s and his recovery program translated into today's population of about 25 million new jobs in a seven-year period. As Speaker of the House, I worked with-- President Clinton and he followed with a very similar plan.

 Okay. Let's start with the last one, let-- let's be candid. The only reason you didn't become a career politician is you lost to Teddy Kennedy in 1994. No, and I'm just saying, I've-- I looked at it, I thought, you know, I'm a citizen, I've served the country in many ways, you're a citizen, you served the country in many ways. But it's a bit much, you'da been a 17-year career politician by now, if you'd won. That's-- that's all I'm saying on that one.

Now number two, I'm proud of trying to find things that give young people a reason to study science and math and technology and telling them that some day in their lifetime, they could dream of going to the moon, they could dream of going to Mars. I grew up in a generation where the space program was real, where it was important, and where frankly it is tragic that NASA has been so bureaucratized, aims at you-- Iowa-- Iowa State's a perfect example.

Iowa State's doing brilliant things, attracting brilliant students. I wanna give them places to go and things to do. And I'm happy to defend the idea that America should be in space and should be there in an aggressive, entrepreneurial way. Third, as to schools, I think virtually every person up here worked at a young age. What I suggested was, kids oughta be allowed to work part-time in school, particularly in the poorest neighborhoods, both because they could use the money.

If you take one-half of the New York janitors who are unionized and paid more than the teachers, an entry-level janitor gets paid twice as much as an entry-level teacher. You take half of those janitors, you could give virtually-- you could give lots of poor kids a work experience in the cafeteria and the school library and-- and front office, and a lot of different things.

I'll stand by the idea, young people oughta learn how to work. Middle class kids do it routinely. We should give poor kids the same chance to pursue happiness. Finally (APPLAUSE) on-- finally on capital gains taxes I asked you about this at Dartmouth (?). I'm astonished, you're a businessman. You wanna create jobs. A $200,000 cap on or capital gains tax cut is lower than Obama.

Now you know if you really wanna create jobs, you wanna-- you wanna encourage the people who make more than $200,000 who actually have capital to invest the capital in the U.S. I'll stick with zero capital gains will create vastly more jobs than your proposal--

Well, Michele, you know, a lot of what you say just isn't true, period. I have never-- I have-- I oppose cap and trade, I testified against it, the same day that Al Gore testified for it. I helped defeat it in the Senate through American solutions. It is simply untrue. I fought against ObamaCare at every step of the way. I did it with-- the Center for Health Transformation was actively opposed, we actively campaigned against it.

You know, I think it's important for you, and the-- this is fair game, and everybody gets to-- to-- to pick fights. It's important that you be accurate when you say these things. Those are not true. And most of the money I made, frankly, I made in ways that are totally-- had nothing to do with anything you've described. I did no lobbying, no representation. And frankly, my-- my speech-- my-- my speech money and other things I did, they had nothing to do with that.

It was a lot larger source of income. So, you know, I've had 24 books and I've had 13 New York Times best-sellers. Now-- that was not people who wanted influence running around buying my books. I know that doesn't fit your model, it happens to be true.

“I am the only candidate in this race, who at a national level, has balanced the budget four consecutive years, lead an effort across the system for the first tax cuts in 16 years, lead an effort which lead unemployment to drop from 5.6 to 4.2 percent and created a national majority for the first time in 40 years, and the first re-elected national majority for the first time since 1928.”…

“Then on October 1st, we’ll release executive orders which we will implement on day 1 of a Gingrich Administration. The first of which will abolish all of the White House czars as of that moment,”…

As your nominee, I will challenge Barack Obama to seven Lincoln-Douglas style debates of 3 hours each, with a time keeper and no moderator. I will coincide that he can use a teleprompter.

And I predict to you, and many of you will find this surprising, I predict to you in the end he will accept for two reasons. First, a matter of ego.How can a Harvard law review editor, the greatest orator in the modern Democratic party admit to being afraid to be on the same platform with a West Georgia College professor. The second, because I am a historian and I actually study history, and unlike President Obama I actually study American History. I know how Lincoln set up Douglas.” (hear more in the video)

In my acceptance speech, if the President has not yet agreed, I will announce from that date forward for the rest of the campaign, The White House will be my scheduler and wherever the President appears, I will appear 4 hours later.

Gingrich picked up a big endorsement Saturday as Jeff Jorgensen, chairman of the Pottawattamie County Republicans, threw his hat into the former Congressman’s campaign. Gingrich is his personal choice, Jorgensen said, and should not be taken as the choice of the county party.
“We’ll support whoever is the nominee,” Jorgensen said. “This happens to be my choice.”
Jorgensen said his top priority is someone to stop the out-of-control federal spending and Gingrich has the background to do that.
“We need someone with experience. We need someone who understands the process,” he said.

