Let me say -- let me say, first are all, with respect to Governor Romney, you know, there are a lot of people who are tuning in this morning, and I&rsquo;m sure they&rsquo;re terribly confused after watching all of this political spin up here. : This nation is divided, David, because of attitudes like that.: Well, I would have to say that I agree with the Ryan plan. I think I&rsquo;m the only one standing up here who has embraced the Ryan plan. It&rsquo;s a very aggressive approach to taking about $6.2 trillion out of the budget over 10 years. And it looks at everything. : Well, let me just say on -- on entitlements, across the board, I will tell the upper-income category in this country that there will be means testing. There are a lot of people in this nation who don&rsquo;t need...: Absolutely. Absolutely. And also, I&rsquo;m not going to tie Department of Defense spending to some percentage of GDP. I&rsquo;m going to tie it to a strategy that protects the American people. And if we think that we can&rsquo;t find efficiencies and cuts in the Department of Defense budget, then we are crazy. : It was -- it was a silly format. I mean it was an important question they asked us to raise our hands. I mean for heaven&rsquo;s sake, we didn&rsquo;t get a chance to talk about it. I put a tax reform proposal on the table endorsed by the Wall Street Journal that goes farther than anybody elses on this stage. It calls for what absolutely needs to be done. And everybody knows about it.: I think it comes down to one word, David, and I think the one word is trust. When the American people look at the political process play out, they hear all the spinning and all the doctrinaire language, and they still walk away with the belief that they&rsquo;re not being represented in Congress, that there&rsquo;s no trust in the executive branch. And the Simpson-Bowles bipartisan proposal lands right on the desk of Barack Obama, and it lands in the garbage can.: -- on members going right on out and become a lobbyist. We&rsquo;ve got to start with the structural problems. There is no trust...: No. We have people in need. We have people suffering. And this is a challenge that we need to address.: It is the fulfillment of a citizenry being able to live out the meaning of our founding documents: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. And everywhere I&rsquo;ve gone in this great state -- and we&rsquo;ve done 160-plus public events... (APPLAUSE)


