 Well I think you have to ask the question of, who is it that can beat Obama. Who is it that can invigorate the -- the Tea Party? Who is it that can take the message of -- of smaller, outsider government that&rsquo;s truly going to change that places (sic). I look from here down to Rick Santorum I see insiders. Individuals who have been the big spending Republicans in -- in Washington, D.C.: You know, the fact of the matter is that Americans want to have a job. That&rsquo;s -- that&rsquo;s the issue here. And the idea that -- that there are people clamoring for government to come and to give them assistance is just wrong-headed. And -- and that&rsquo;s what he needs to be focusing on as a people, is how do we create the environment in this country where the entrepreneurs know that they can risk their capital, have a chance to have a return on the investment and create the -- the jobs out there so people can have the dignity to take care of their families.: Good. We need to.: I hope I&rsquo;m making Republicans uncomfortable right now by talking about the spending that they&rsquo;ve done back in the 2000s, when we had control of both parties. I mean that...: -- that is...: Well, listen, Dr. Paul says that the biggest problem facing this country is -- is our work overseas. I disagree with that. The biggest problem facing this country today is a Congress that is out of control with their spending. And we&rsquo;ve got to have someone, an outsider, that will walk in, not part of the insider group that you see here, people who have voted for raising the -- the debt limit, people who have been part of the problem that is facing America.: -- and then a balanced budget amendment to the United States Constitution.: You do those two things...: -- and that will make them uncomfortable.: You&rsquo;re darned right, because there&rsquo;s a bunch of people standing up here that say they&rsquo;re conservatives, but the records don&rsquo;t follow up on that.: Actually, it is a federal issue, and it&rsquo;s a federal issue because of the law that was passed that forces the states to make a decision about whether or not they&rsquo;re going to be right-to-work. So Jim DeMint&rsquo;s legislation, I would support that, of repealing that legislation that forces states to make that decision to be a right-to- work, rather than all of this country being right-to-work. : I make a very proud statement and, in fact that we have a president that&rsquo;s a socialist. I don&rsquo;t think our founding fathers wanted America to be a socialist country. So I disagree with that premise that somehow or another that President Obama reflects our founding fathers. He doesn&rsquo;t. He talks about having a more powerful, more centralized, more consuming and costly federal government.
