Well, if his record was so great as governor of Massachusetts, why didn&rsquo;t he run for re-election? I mean, if you didn&rsquo;t want to even stand before the people of Massachusetts and run on your record, if it was that great, why didn&rsquo;t -- why did you bail out?: Vis-a-vis John McCain. : Are you going -- are you going to tell people you&rsquo;re not going to run for re-election for president if you win?: I&rsquo;m just asking. : So one -- so one term?: I would agree with Governor Huntsman that means testing -- I talked about that in Hollis yesterday. We had about 1,200 people, and I walked through and talked about how we have to make sure that we&rsquo;re not going to burden future generations with a Social Security program that&rsquo;s underfunded. It&rsquo;s already unfunded right now.: Well, let me first address Congressman Paul, because the -- the serious issue with Congressman Paul here is you&rsquo;re right. He&rsquo;s never really passed anything of any -- any import. : And then I&rsquo;d like my opportunity to come back and answer the question.: Well, it -- it worked in my case. Look at welfare reform. In a federal entitlement that -- I remember standing next to Daniel Patrick Moynihan, Ted Kennedy, who were out there just talking about how this was going to be the end of civilization as we know it, there&rsquo;d be bread lines, the horrific consequences of removing federal income support from basically mothers with children.: ... and that programs that we need to put in place should help transition people, not make them dependent, and we were able to get 70 votes in the United States Senate, including 17 Democrats. : Surprised he&rsquo;s coming to me. What? What was your question? : I would be a voice in speaking out for making sure that every person in America, gay or straight, is treated with respect and dignity and has equality of opportunity. That does not mean that I would agree with certain things that the gay community would like to do to change laws, with respect to marriage or respect to adoption, and things like that.: I would love him as much as I did the second before he said it. And I would try to do everything I can to be as good a father to him as possible. : Yeah, I will. I&rsquo;ve signed a -- a pledge that I would support a national right to work. When I was in -- I mentioned this last night. When I was a senator for Pennsylvania, I didn&rsquo;t vote for it because Pennsylvania&rsquo;s not a right-to-work state and I didn&rsquo;t want to vote for a law that would change the law in Pennsylvania, number one.: Why -- I said repeatedly that we should have had a funding mechanism and it&rsquo;s one of those things that I had a very tough vote, as you know. In that bill we had health savings accounts. Something I&rsquo;ve been fighting for, for 15 years to transform the private sector health care system into a more consumer, bottom-up way of doing it. We also had Medicare Advantage to transform the entire Medicare system into -- Medicare Advantage is basically a premium support type model.: I -- I think I&rsquo;m just answering your question. Maybe I&rsquo;m -- maybe we&rsquo;re not communicating well, but I just talked about the -- the medical -- it&rsquo;s a health savings accounts is an anti- socialistic idea to try to build a bottom-up, consumer based economy in -- in health care. The same thing with Medicare Advantage. And we also structured the Medicare Part-D benefit to be a premium support model as a way of trying to transition Medicare. So there were a lot of good things in that bill. There was one really bad thing. We didn&rsquo;t pay for it. We should have paid for it. And that was a mistake.: They&rsquo;re a -- they&rsquo;re a theocracy. They&rsquo;re a theocracy that has deeply embedded beliefs that -- that the afterlife is better than this life. President Ahmadinejad has repeatedly said the principle virtue of the Islamic Republic of Iran is martyrdom.: They are not a theocracy. And we&rsquo;re very hopeful of -- of maintaining a -- a more secular state than -- than is in place today.: -- and -- and therefore, he&rsquo;s not a -- he&rsquo;s not been able to have that strong hand in working with Pakistan that they&rsquo;re used to.: I haven&rsquo;t written a lot of books. I&rsquo;ve written one. And it was in response to a book written by Hillary Clinton called &ldquo;It Takes a Village.&rdquo; I didn&rsquo;t agree with that. I believe it takes a family, and that&rsquo;s what I wrote. : ... he knows works because he has a secular ideology that is against the traditions of our country and what works.
